adds an example to load schema and validate in README (#82)
amzn/ion-schema-rust: README.md

**This package is considered experimental, under active/early development, and the API is subject to change.**

> ## Getting Started
> 
> The following rust code sample is a simple example of how to use this API. The `my_int_type` is an integer ion type. 
> A sample schema `my_schema.isl` can be loaded using `ion-schema-rust` as following:
> 
> ### Example schema `my_schema.isl`

Reviewer: Consider moving some of the exposition about the schema itself into the schema subsection.

```suggestion
## Getting Started

The following rust code sample is a simple example of how to use this API.

### Example schema `my_schema.isl`

This file (`my_schema.isl`) defines a new type (`my_int_type`) based on Ion's `int` type.
```
The section starting on line 32 (where the schema is loaded/used) already says that's what it's doing, so I removed this bit:
> A sample schema `my_schema.isl` can be loaded using `ion-schema-rust` as following:

```
schema_header::{
  imports: [],
}

type::{
  name: my_int_type,
  type: int,
}

schema_footer::{
}
```

> ### Simple rust example to demonstrate how to load a schema and validate an ion value

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Loading a schema and validating an Ion value
```

```rust
use ion_schema::authority::{DocumentAuthority, FileSystemDocumentAuthority};
use ion_schema::external::ion_rs::value::owned::OwnedElement;
use ion_schema::result::{ValidationResult, IonSchemaResult};
use ion_schema::types::TypeRef;
use ion_schema::schema::Schema;
use ion_schema::system::SchemaSystem;
use std::path::Path;
use std::rc::Rc;

fn main() -> IonSchemaResult<()> {
    // Create authorities vector containing all the authorities that will be used to load a schema based on schema id
    let document_authorities: Vec<Box<dyn DocumentAuthority>> = vec![Box::new(
        FileSystemDocumentAuthority::new(Path::new("schema")), // provide a path to the authority base folder containing schemas
    )];

    // Create a new schema system from given document authorities
    let mut schema_system = SchemaSystem::new(document_authorities);

    // Provide schema id for the schema you want to load (schema_id is the schema file name here)
    let schema_id = "my_schema.isl";

    // Load schema

>     let schema: Rc<Schema> = schema_system.load_schema(schema_id)?;

Reviewer: As a TODO, we really should have a public type that hides the `Rc` implementation detail.

Author: Yes, there is already an issue opened to track this: https://github.com/amzn/ion-schema-rust/issues/36
